Walk around the room in a pair of high-heels.
Say, "Where is the bathroom" in as many languages as you can.
Make up a song about what you last ate and perform it.
Do a somersault? Show us!
Spin around for 60 seconds, then lie down and look at the ceiling.
Try to name all US 50 states. If that's easy, include their capitals.
Go diving under the the couch cushions until you pull out something lost.
Walk on your tip toes around the house
Lie on your back, and stare at the sky or ceiling until you can make out a pattern of an animal.
Fold a piece of paper into an oragami shape.
Stack rocks in a tower until they're at least 5 high.
Walk up the stairs three steps at a time.
Explain what you did yesterday talking in a foreign accent. Try Russian or French.
Walk around wearing only one shoe for the rest of the day.
Draw a picuture of yourself with your eyes closed
Without using a calculator, add up the birth years of everyone in the room
Use brush your teeth with twice as much toothpaste as you normally would.
Invent a tongue twister that someone else in the room can't say 3 times fast
Challenge someone to a thumb war, then win without cheating.
Ride a bike, then do a simple trick. Nothing extreme.
Build a fort out of blankets and pillows.
Make a paper airplane that can fly from one end of the room to the other.
Tape your mouth shut and don't talk for 20 minutes
Switch the shoes on your feet so that the left foot is on the right and vice versa.
Make a necklace out of dental floss and chereeos, then gift it to someone.
Take an umbrella outside and repeat, Tut tut, it looks like rain to anybody out there.
Drink a glass of water from the top of the cup rather than the bottom
Stack up the couch coushins, sit on them, and act like it's a throne.
Learn to say hello, I am sorry in a forgein language.
Try to lick your own elbow.
Stretch as far as you can without hurting yourself.
Invent a folk dance, with costumes, and perform it.
Balance a ballon or ball on your finger for half a minute.
Play boardgames until you win. You pick the game.
Play the quite game with a someone who doesn't know they're playing.
Draw the best picture you can of someone and mail it to them.
Invent a new dance move, name it, and perform it for the group.
Mow the lawn with a pair of scissors.
Only speek in questions for the next hour.
Brush your teeth then drink orange juice.
Make a paper airplane that can fly at least 20 feet.
Stack plastic cups until you get a tower at least 7 cups high.
Vacum the floor with your eyes closed until it's all clean.
Comb you hair into a new style.
Invent a new musical insturment from household materials. Name it and perform a song.
Invent a card trick and perform it.
Adopt a pet rock for a day. Feed it and make it a bed.
Spin a quarter until it keeps going for at least 20 seconds.
Catapult playing cards with spoons until you get one to go farther than you are tall.
Learn to lift one eyebrow without moving the other.
Delete one app on the homescreen of your phone. Don't reinstall it for a full day.
The floor is lava. Make it across the room without touching the floor.
Make a hat out of paper and tape and wear it.
Invent a new word and use it in conversation with someone.
Go the rest of the day wearing only one sock.
Write a letter with your non-dominant hand.
Memorize a short poem and recite it.
Mouth out words to a song until somebody guesses what it is.
Have a pillow fight.
Drink water from a plate for the rest of the day.
The next time you eat soup, use a fork instead of a spoon.
Balance a spatula on your finger tips for 20 seconds.
Wear somebody else's shoes for the rest of the day.
Reply to the top email in your inbox using no vowels.
Perform an impromptu opera.
Pluck out a single nose hair.
Change which hand you wear your watch or a ring on for the rest of the day.
Use the doorbell to tap out the tune The Imperial March from Star Wars.
Draw, with your eyes closed, a straight line. If it's crooked, try again.
Put your pants and shirt on backwards.
Write a text message using your nose.
Describe your bedroom using single syllable words.
Crabwalk across the room.
Wear socks on your hands for the next hour.
Find something in your wallet, purse, or backpack to throw away.
Make a boquet of flowers from whatever you can find outside and gift it to a neighbor.
Crack an egg with one hand. If it's easy, try your non-dominant hand.
Draw a picture of your country as accurately as you can.
Use two spoons to drum out a tune.
Put on a shadow puppet for everyone in the room.
Sing Take Me Out to the Ball game and octave too high.
Sing your favorite song, but clucking as if you were a chicken
Try to balance a pencil on its eraser
Write a poem about your first pet
Make cookies, but don't add any sugar. Then eat one.
Brush your teeth with peanut butter.
Turn off all the lights and make ghost sounds until someone gets scared.
Learn to clap with one hand.
Make a tower out of books. No stacking. You've got to lay the books on their edges.
Try to raise your leg in front of you then put it behind your head.
Invent a new kind of smoothie using ingredients from your fridge.
Make up a new disease, name it, and call in sick to work or school with it as an excuse. Make it clear it's a joke in the end. We're not liers here.
Sit in chairs backwards for the rest of the day.
Go exporing in your basement or attic. Only go where it is safe!
Sign your name on the sidewalk with flour
Hold a mock wedding for you and a stuff animal.
Sleep backwards on your bed tonight.
Make the longest loudest fart sound you can. Preferably don't actually fart.
TP your own bedroom.
Give grandma a call. These don't all have to be bad.