What is your middle name.
What did your parents name you after.
Tell us about the last time you mistook somebody for somebody else.
If you had to hide something from the cops, where would you hide it.
Where is your best hide and go seek spot.
What's the worst grade you got in school.
What's the most trouble you've ever been in.
What do you store under your bed.
When is the last time you flossed your teeth.
What's the last song you've listened to.
How long does it take you to get ready in the morning.
What does everyone else seem to like that you hate.
What's your favorite movie.
What popular movie do you hate.
When did someone most recently tell you no.
How would your best friend describe you in three words.
What's the last thing you bought online.
What's the last thing you bought at a store.
What do you store under your seat in the car.
Have you ever accidentally worn your cloths inside-out or backwards Tell us about it.
Describe an article of clothing that you won't wear in public anymore.
What mindless thing do you do on your phone when you have time to kill.
What color looks awful as lipstick.
What's your worst school subject.
What is the wierdest thing your phone does.
How long can you run for.
What thing do you most regret throwing away.
What thing have you bought but will probably never use.
What's the highest not you can hit while singing.
What's the lowest not you can hit while singing.
When is the last time you wrote a letter and sent it in the mail.
What things are in your wallet or purse right now.
When is the last time you texted your mom or dad.
Recite the birthdays of everyone in the room right now.
Recite the middle names of everyone in the room right now.
What's the dumbest banner ad you've ever fell for and clicked.
What joke are you sick of hearing.
Name a place you've gone to that nobody else in the room has.
When is the last time a pen leaked on you.
What's the silliest pet name anyone has given you.
What is the oldest document sitting on your computer.
What picture of you can you not tolerate.
What food will you absolutly refuse to eat.
When is the last time you cried at a movie.
When is the last time you got lost.
Tell us about a time you completely misunderstood directions.
Which boardgame could you beat anyone here at.
Which sport could you beat anyone here at.
Which popular song drives you crazy.
How did you break your last pair of headphones.
Tell us about the last time you dropped your phone.
What's the ugliest baby picture you've ever seen.
When you get angry, do you get loud or quite.
What's the worst food you've ever been served at a restaurant.
What's the last chore you said you'd do, but didn't.
What vacation plan do you dream of, but will probably never do.
What is something you broken that you've never fixed.
What is a housework chore that you hate doing.
What is your worst laundry disaster.
Tell us about a time you called someone by the wrong name.
Tell us about a time you couldn't remember somebody's name.
Tell us about a time you tripped and fell.
If you could choose your own name, what would it be.
What's a silly typo you've made while texting.
Tell us about a time you sent a text or email to the wrong person.
Tell us about a time you forgot something important at home.
Tell us about a time you realized you were in the wrong place.
Tell us about a prank you pulled on somebody else.
Tell us about a prank somebody pulled on you.
If you had to flee your city and go into hiding, where would you go and who would you call.
Tell us about a plant you tried to cultivate, but failed.
What is a purchase you regret making.
What is the best deal you've ever bought or struck.
Which of your neighbor's pets do you like the least.
What is the worst sports loss you've ever experienced.
What is your worst water damage incident.
If you had to color your hair, what color would it be.
What color would a free Ferrari have to be for you to refuse to drive it.
Have you ever been in a car accident Tell us about it.
What is the worst fight you've ever been in.
When is the last time you got a paper cut.
What sport are you hopelessly bad at.
What is the wierdiest thing you've ever buried.
What exotic pet would you get if there were no rules.
What is the largest thing that's ever been mailed to your house.
Have you ever uploaded a video to Youtube Tell us about it.
During the pandemic, what did you most miss.
What's the latest you've ever stayed up at night reading.
Which two unusual ingredients do you think go well together.
What's the funniest bumper sticker you've seen on a car.
Tell us about a time you were wrong, you knew it, but refused to admit it.
What is your biggest Pinterest fail.
Where are you most ticklish.
What cloths do you have that no longer fit, but you can't bring yourself to get rid of.
What's the wierdest thing you've used as a tissue when you couldn't find a real one.
What is your biggest restaurant disaster.
How many push ups do you think you could do.
Name the exact contents of your wallet or purse or backpack.
What's the longest you've gone without taking a shower or bath.
Name as many of your elementary school teachers as you can.
Describe a funny dream you've had.
Name each of your neighbors.